The Struggle of Purpose

Look, mum!! I can suffer anxiety with no hands!! I
mean, I'm exceptionally adept at nervously breaking
down whenever I think about my future. I hate always
feeling as if I already know exactly where I'm gonna
be in five years... which is in the exact same position
I find myself in now.

A wise man will tell you to never compare yourself to
others. Unfortunately, I identify as an ignorant, teenage,
robot girl; so I often have a look at what my peers and
old friends from school are doing with their lives. And
boy are they doing! Most of them have started their own
families, have multiple children, are steadfast moving up
the corporate ladder, and otherwise crushing it with their
own entrepreneurial endeavours. Meanwhile; I'm out here 
failing miserably at Computer Science, and talking to anyone 
on the internet who will listen to me gush about a fictional 
latex pirate.

I absolutely love the animanga community I discovered online,
and I wouldn't trade the vibes I've exchanged with them for
the world. But I have to admit; it does kinda hurt that my
opinions and interests on things outside of anime and manga
are not of interests to anyone else. A part of me thinks I
should just give up and exist within the bubble that's been
prepared for me. Start a blog, get a YouTube channel going,
and work towards becoming some sort of One Piece influencer.

That would be kinda cool, and I'm only half joking. But a
bigger part of me wants to prove a point to myself. That I
can do a seemingly impossible thing if I only put my all
into it. People with singular interests are the superior
beings. They are born into this world, quickly develop a
talent/affinity for something, spend their early years 
honing their skills, and then become the best at whatever
that thing is in their adulthoods. Simple, easy, 123. But
that's not how it is for me. For me, I'm genuinely interested
in a million different things, and I still can't really decide
which one I want to spend the rest of my life doing.

I genuinely have no idea what I'm meant doing with my life,
I'm scared that I'll be stuck in a job that's going to physically
break me before I reach 50, and I'm unsure if the path I'm on 
will actually lead to any sort of salvation. Nonetheless, I
persist!! One of my absolute favourite swaths of story in One
Piece, are the scenes we get of the Straw Hats during the 2-year
time-skip. Oda could've done what most writers and mangakas do
with that plot device--simply show the crew returning, better
than ever in their new forms. But he did way more than that,
he showed the process!!

From Luffy having mental breakdowns while fighting wild animals
in the Amazon. To Nami suffering an existential crisis on a sky
island in the pursuit of mastering meteorology. Surviving our
own trails and tribulations, that's our purpose. That's what
we're meant to be doing.
